MTM-46158-Add-requirements-for-platform-customization-features (#1136)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/users-guide/enterprise-tenant-bundle/customization.md

<a name="configuration"></a>
### Configuration

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
APPLICATION ACCESS:

> User must have access to administration application of {{<enterprise-tenant>}}. For details on how to enable {{<enterprise-tenant>}} see {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Core-Operations guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users must have access to the Administration application of the {{<enterprise-tenant>}}. For details on how to enable the {{<enterprise-tenant>}}, see {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Core - Operations guide.
```

> User must have access to administration application of {{<enterprise-tenant>}}. For details on how to enable {{<enterprise-tenant>}} see {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Core-Operations guide.

Reviewer: I´m not sure if we should refer to the Operations guide here. The Enterprise tenant also has a commercial aspect.

Author: Maybe you're right, lets not mention it for now.

ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

* To view settings: READ permission for the "Options management" permission type.
* To manage (create, edit, update) all existing settings: ADMIN permission for the "Options management" permission type.

On tenant creation, there are default roles available that can be used as a sample configuration for the above-mentioned permissions:

> * Tenant Manager - Can manage tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tenant Manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules
```

With the Branding feature, you can fully customize the look of your tenant to your own preferences.

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
APPLICATION ACCESS:

> Branding feature comes as default with {{<enterprise-tenant>}} and is available from within Administration application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Branding feature comes as default with the {{<enterprise-tenant>}} and is available in the Administration application.
```

> The Branding feature comes as default with the {{<enterprise-tenant>}} and is available in the Administration application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The branding feature comes as default with the {{<enterprise-tenant>}} and is available in the Administration application.
```

Branding functionality is enabled by subscribing to the "feature-branding" application.

ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

> * To manage branding configuration: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To manage the branding configuration: 
```

>   * READ, ADMIN, CREATE for "Inventory" permission type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * READ, ADMIN, CREATE permission for the "Inventory" permission type
```

>   * READ, ADMIN for "Options management" permission type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * READ, ADMIN permission for the "Options management" permission type
```

>   * READ, ADMIN permission for the "Options management" permission type

Reviewer 2: When is it used in the context of branding management? Haven't noticed such requests.

Author: https://github.softwareag.com/IOTA/cumulocity-ui/blob/660cf24a39c41c6522a1f6cfc44b11e04067b9ca/modules/enterpriseEdition/enterpriseEdition.module.js

```
const REQUIRED_ROLES = [
      'ROLE_INVENTORY_ADMIN',
      'ROLE_OPTION_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN',
      'ROLE_APPLICATION_MANAGEMENT_ADMIN',
      'ROLE_APPLICATION_MANAGEMENT_READ'
    ];
```

 And obviously I have added also read options for respective permissions, since it doesn't really make much of sense without it.

Reviewer 2: ok, I see, thanks for pointing it out

> * To apply branding configuration: READ, ADMIN for "Application management" permission type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To apply the branding configuration: READ, ADMIN permission for the "Application management" permission type
```

On tenant creation, there are default roles available that can be used as a sample configuration for the above-mentioned permissions:

> * Tenant Manager - Can manage tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tenant Manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules
```

<a name="domain-name"></a>
### Domain name

{{< c8y-admon-req >}}
APPLICATION ACCESS:

Domain management feature comes as default with {{<enterprise-tenant>}} tenant and is available from within Administration application.

Domain management feature is enabled by subscribing to the "sslmanagement" microservice.

ROLES & PERMISSIONS:

> * To upload certificate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To upload certificates:
```

>     * READ, ADMIN for "Inventory" permission type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * READ, ADMIN permission for the "Inventory" permission type
```

>     * READ, ADMIN for "Options management" permission type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * READ, ADMIN permission for the "Options management" permission type
```

>     * READ, ADMIN for "Application management" permission type;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * READ, ADMIN permission for the "Application management" permission type
```

On tenant creation, there are default roles available that can be used as a sample configuration for the above-mentioned permissions:

> * Tenant Manager - Can manage tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tenant Manager - manages tenant-wide configurations like applications, tenant options and retention rules
```
